So we've covered HVM L which allows us to control the content of a page.
We've looked at CSSA which allows us to control the styles of that page and then we've looked at javascript
which allows us to make that page interactive and enables us to control it using code.
So what extra Does Jay queery do for us.
Well as I mentioned Jaker is a javascript framework that means it sits on top of javascript and its
main purpose is to make things that are a little bit complicated on Javascript a lot simpler.
And essentially it gives us a lot more power with a lot less code which makes writing interactive powerful
web sites a lot easier.
There are a number of other javascript frameworks out there but Jay query is by far the most popular
and the one you'll come across most often said this is the one that we're going to focus on in the complete
web developer of course.
It also has a bunch of plugins which allow you to do really cool stuff really easily.
And I'm going to show you just a few of them now to get you excited about learning Jay Querrey.
So one that we'll be spending quite a lot of time with is the official Jay queery UI again which makes
it really easy to do things like make objects trackable or indeed drawable.
So you can drop things on top of others and then do something when that happens.
You can create things like data pictures very easily and very commonly use things like progress bars.
So that's a great start but there's a lot more as well.
There are pool to refresh plugins so you'll be familiar with that if you've used an iPhone and you want
to refresh the content of a page you can just pull it down.
And this plugin provides exactly that by pulling down you can see it's refreshing the content of the
page that the rubber band is another great Jake where we plug in we've got tool tips plug ins like tool
tip stuff tool tips are really handy hover Avas
that you can use to give extra information on your apps.
And to the fancy things like that.
We've got the magnificent Pop-Pop plugin which is a rather grand name for something that's really useful
so if you've got images that you can just tap on them and have them appear nice and large that's something
that you're probably going to want to do quite regularly.
We've got things like an slider which gives the slide out which is very commonly used on Web sites these
days particularly a big jumbotron as it's known at the very top of the page.
And finally type a dot.
You'll be familiar with this sort of thing.
If you've ever used google and it simply allows you to autocomplete the contents of a search box.
There you go.
And that's really useful as well.
So Jake where it makes a lot of things a lot easier to program than javascript alone and it's got a
huge range of free plug ins that you can use to give really quite advanced features to your websites
very easily.
So excited to get started.
We'll do that straightaway in the next video.